. Re: Driving from Sydney to Adelaide
12 August 2010, 5:13
basically just done a good part of that route a few weeks ago. sydney-hay-mildura-adelaide is a fairly long drive on the sturt highway.
 2-4 days would be ideal, longer better.

riverina is rolling green hills, hay plains is flat and almost treeless, then u r into mallee scrub, then the irrigated sunraysia area 
(the fruit and vegetable bowl of aus). so a cross section of australian countryside. wagga, hay, mildura are all nice towns. between wagga wagga and 
hay and a little to the north there is the murrumbidgee irrigation area. a huge wine growing area around griffith.

mildura is on the murray river and near where the darling river meets it. river cruises are nice. plenty of history in mildura. 
also worth a detour to the perry sandhills near wentworth to get an idea of what the outback looks like.

we headed north to broken hill from mildura so have no idea what the trip thru the riverland into adelaide is like from 
there but have to assume it's just as nice as the nsw side. the road is very good. mostly 110km/hr speed limit and very
 little traffic after u leave the hume highway. but stick to it (and the town limits) as the radar is out and about.
 u cant take fresh fruit and veg into the area so eat it or dump it or face a stiff fine.
 there are random checks. plenty of wildlife to see. roos and emus etc. good motel accommo along the route.
 
 
 the WWW:
 
 World .Australia.NSW.Sydney
  World .Australia.NSW.NewCastle
    World .Australia.NSW.Tamworth
	  World .Australia.NSW.Wollongong
 	  World .Australia.Victoria.Ballarat
	  World .Australia.Victoria.Mildura
     World .Australia.Victoria.Melbourne
	   World .Australia.Victoria.Wodonga
	    World .Australia.SA.Adelaide
		 World .Australia.SA.MtGambier
	  
	  
		
	  
 
 World .Australia.Adelaide
 World .Australia.Melbourne
 World .Australia.Perth 
 World .Australia.Hobart
 World .Australia.Brisbane

 World .Australia.Sydney.worldCup.route.Sydney
 World .Australia.Sydney.worldCup.route.Hay
  World .Australia.Sydney.worldCup.route.mildura 
  World .Australia.Sydney.worldCup.route.adelaide 
	
 
 